Types to implement
==================

Generic get method (done)
-------------------------

There are multiple decimal libraries and multiple calendar libraries. Possibly,
more than one is enabled, for example if a library uses this crate, and then an
application that uses the library also uses this crate itself, with a different
choice of decimal. In that situation it is not clear who gets to claim the
`get_decimal` method.

The plan was to move to a generic `Cursor::get` method based on a `FromMonet` trait
like so:

```rust
// A type implements FromMonet<'a> if it can be constructed from `&'a [u8]`.

pub trait FromMonet<'a> where Self: Sized,
{
    fn from_monet(bytes: &'a [u8]) -> CursorResult<Self>;
}

// For example, a u8 can be constructed from any byte slice as it doesn't need
// it anymore after construction.

impl<'a> FromMonet<'a> for bool {
    fn from_monet(bytes: &'a [u8]) -> CursorResult<Self>  { todo!() }
}

// A &'x str can be constructed from &'a [u8] as long as 'a outlives 'x.

impl<'a, 'x> FromMonet<'a> for &'x str where 'a: 'x,
{
    fn from_monet(bytes: &'a [u8]) -> CursorResult<Self> { todo!() }
}
```

However, that lifetime gives rise to all kinds of lifetime issues.
Most can be worked around with some effort but we do not want our
users to have to go through that over and over.

It is sufficient to have generic getters for owned types, so we drop
the lifetime parameter.


New insight
-----------

It's better if the conversion has access to more context, for example the
type. When we get to implementing binary result sets, this will probably be
even more.

Hence, make FromMonet's conversion method take the cursor as an argument.

Downside: when testing you need to build a whole cursor.
Add a method that doesn't execute but 


BLOB and UUID (done)
--------------------

Implemented. UUID uses the uuid crate under a feature, enabled by default.
Blob is `Vec<u8>`.


DECIMAL
-------

First stab: make sure decimals can be extracted as floats.

There are several crates for decimals. The number of downloads is as of October
2024.

* [decimal]. 1.6M downloads, last updated 3
  years ago.

  Provides a [d128]() type. No documentation on its limits.

* [rust-decimal]. 24M downloads, last
  updated 2 months ago.

  96 bits mantissa, scale factor and sign. Max 28 significant digits.
  Loads of features.

* [decimal-rs]. 185K downloads, 1 year ago.

  38 significant digits. Recommended by [rust-decimal] if you need >28 digits.

Let's add [rust-decimal] and [decimal-rs].


[decimal]: https://crates.io/crates/decimal
[rust-decimal]: https://crates.io/crates/rust_decimal
[decimal-rs]: https://crates.io/crates/decimal-rs


Temporal
--------

TIMESTAMP
TIMESTAMPTZ
TIME
TIMETZ
DATE
DAY_INTERVAL
MONTH_INTERVAL
SEC_INTERVAL



Documentation!!!
----------------

